ATOMIC SHOCK. ATOMIC SHOCK
AND... PLASMA BLAST!
YES!
( knocking )
THE PATIENT, ROOSEVELT, SUFFERS
FROM AN IRRATIONAL FEAR OF...
FEAR ITSELF.
IT'S NOT MOMMY.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO PRETEND
TO BE WORKING.
HI, PRINCESS.
HEY, HOW WAS SCHOOL?
NOT GOOD.
MY TEACHER SAYS I CAN'T BE
"CHLOE THE MAGNIFICENT"
AT SCHOOL ANYMORE.
YEAH. THEY HAVE A STRICT
"NO COSTUME" POLICY,
AND HER TEACHER THINKS THE WHOLE
"CHLOE THE MAGNIFICENT" THING
HAS GOTTEN A LITTLE OUT OF HAND.
AWW, BUT SHE'S ADORABLE!
AND SHE'S JUST EXPRESSING
HER INNER SENSE OF MAGIC.
SHE WAS SELLING
"FAIRY DUST" AND "HAPPY DREAMS"
AT LUNCH FOR TWO BUCKS A POP.
CHLOE, I'M DISAPPOINTED IN YOU.
YOU WERE CHARGING ME FOUR.
BUT I GAVE YOU THE GOOD STUFF.
AND THEN THERE'S THAT.
OH YEAH.
I AM ROCKING THIS BOOTS.
♪♪
AND STRUT, AND STRUT,
AND TURN...
STRIKE A POSE.
AND KEEP IT FIERCE.
SO, WHY DID KARL WANT TO MEET
YOU IN THE DRAMA CLASSROOM?
WHY DOES KARL FINK
DO ANYTHING?
HE'S PURE EVIL.
LOOK, WHATEVER HE HAS PLANNED,
THANKS FOR COMING WITH ME.
I'LL EITHER NEED A WITNESS,
OR SOMEONE TO HELP ME GNAW
THROUGH THE ROPES.
YOU KNOW I'LL
ALWAYS HELP YOU.
EVEN IF IT MEANS MISSING
LUNCH ON TACO TUESDAY.
Both: FUN TO SAY,
AND FUN TO EAT!
HELLO, LADIES.
THIS IS THE INFAMOUS KARL FINK,
OUR NEXT DOOR NEIGHBOR,
AND AVERY'S SWORN ENEMY SINCE
LITTLE SMARTY SCIENCE CAMP
WHEN HE TRIED
TO WEAPONIZE COOTIES.
THANK YOU FOR MEETING ME, AVERY.
AND THANK YOU FOR TAGGING ALONG,
AVERY'S SIDEKICK.
PLEASE DON'T DO THAT THING
WHERE YOU TALK TOGETHER.
Both: YOU CAN'T TELL
US WHAT TO DO.
AND BEFORE YOU TRY ANYTHING,
THE HALL MONITORS
KNOW WHERE I AM.
AND STEVE HAS FINALLY BUILT UP
ENOUGH STAMINA TO WALK BRISKLY.
OH, AVERY, AVERY, AVERY.
I KNOW WE'VE HAD
OUR DIFFERENCES IN THE PAST,
BUT I'VE MADE PEACE WITH
ALL THE WRONGS YOU'VE DONE ME.
LIKE STEALING MY GRAHAM CRACKERS
AND LITTLE GENIUS SCIENCE CAMP.
I DID NOT STEAL YOUR
GRAHAM CRACKERS, KARL.
AND IF YOU'RE GOING TO BE
MAD AT ME FOR ANYTHING,
IT SHOULD BE FOR BESTING YOU
AT THIS YEAR'S SPELLING BEE
WITH THE WORD: XANTHOSIS.
X-A-N-T-H-O-S- I -S.
SEE PAPA, I KNOW IT NOW!
I'M SORRY, KARL.
DID YOUR FATHER PASS?
NO, HE'S AT THE
INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION.
THE POINT IS...
WE'RE THE TWO SMARTEST KIDS
IN SCHOOL.
NO OFFENSE NUMBER 147.
WE SHOULD BE FRIENDS,
AND AS A SYMBOL
OF OUR NEW START,
PLEASE ACCEPT THESE FLOWERS.
WOW, I'M...
THIS IS VERY NICE OF YOU.
YOU HAVE BEEN FINKED!
GRAHAM CRACKER STEALER!
REALLY?
WHY DID YOU
GO THROUGH ALL THIS
WHEN YOU COULD HAVE
JUST SQUIRTED ME WHEN I
WALKED THROUGH THE DOOR?
WHY DID THE VIKINGS PULL
THEIR ENEMIES' LUNGS OUT,
AND SPLAY THEM
ACROSS THEIR CHEST?
BECAUSE IT'S FUN!
YOU ARE A CRUEL, DECEITFUL,
AND VINDICTIVE LITTLE MAN.
AND THOSE AREN'T
EVEN MY WORDS.
I HEARD YOUR MOTHER SAY IT
TO YOUR PIANO TEACHER.
YOU LEFT OUT
THE MOST IMPORTANT PART.
I'M AVENGED!
I DIDN'T KNOW THAT
ABOUT THE VIKINGS.
WHY DO THEY CALL IT
A "DOG EAT DOG" WORLD?
DOGS DON'T TREAT
EACH OTHER BADLY,
BUT LOOK WHAT
KARL DID TO AVERY.
HUMANS ARE ALSO CAPABLE
OF AWESOME ACTS OF GOODNESS.
LIKE FLOWING ME THESE, YO!
HELLO, NEIGHBOR.
KARL, GO AWAY!
YOU'RE A CREEPY LITTLE LIAR,
AND I WISH YOU WOULD
GET OUT OF MY HOUSE.
AGAIN, NOT MY WORDS.
YOUR MOTHER HAS
NO INSIDE VOICE.
I MADE YOU A PEACE OFFERING.
"I'Z BEEN FINKED"?
ACTUALLY, I MADE 500.
I'M SELLING THEM.
WHAT BRAINLESS BABOON
WOULD BUY THOSE?
OH, COOL! THEY'RE IN!
AND REMEMBER, I STILL HAVE
A MUG AND A MOUSE PAD COMING.
WELL, I AM OFF TO GET READY
FOR THE SCHOOL-WIDE MATH
COMPETITION SATURDAY.
WILL YOU BE COMPETING
AT THE X-SQUARED GAMES?
YOU KNOW MATH ISN'T MY THING.
YES. WELL, NOW I CAN CREATE
THIS WONDERFUL AUTO-TUNE.
( auto-tuned ): ♪ YOU KNOW MATH
ISN'T MY THING ♪
♪ MATH--MATH--MATH
I KNOW!
AND SO THE CAT SAYS...
NOTHING!
BECAUSE CATS ARE STUPID!
SHH!
STAN JUST TOLD ME
THE GREATEST JOKE.
GOOD ONE, STAN.
YOU GUYS!
KARL JUST LEFT.
HE'S RIGHT ON THE OTHER SIDE
OF THAT DOOR.
IF ANYONE FINDS OUT
STAN'S SECRET,
THEY'LL TAKE HIM AWAY
AND DO EXPERIMENTS ON HIM.
WHAT SECRET?
NOTHING. THERE'S NO SECRET.
STAN'S JUST A NORMAL DOG.
YOU CAN'T FOOL ME,
JENNINGS.
I WILL FIND OUT
WHAT YOU'RE HIDING,
IF I HAVE TO TRACK YOU
TO THE ENDS OF THE EARTH,
AND IF IT TAKES ME
THE REST OF MY DAYS!
YOU KNOW I CAN BE
A LITTLE COMPULSIVE.
WAIT. LET ME SAY THAT AGAIN
WITH MY RIGHT HAND IN MY POCKET.
KARL! JUST GET OUT.
OKAY, BUT FIRST...
IF I HAVE TO TRACK YOU
TO THE ENDS OF THE EARTH,
AND IF IT TAKES ME
THE REST OF MY DAYS! BYE!
THE SCHOOL CALLED.
THEY SAID CHLOE WORE
HER COSTUME TO CLASS AGAIN.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE GONNA--
PLEASE TELL ME
THIS DOESN'T HAPPEN
EVERY TIME I GO TO THE STORE.
WELL, IF YOU HAD
READ MY THIRD BOOK,
YOU'D KNOW EXACTLY WHY
I'M WEARING THIS.
CHAPTER SEVEN:
"SAY YES-UP
TO THE DRESS-UP."
NOPE. STILL DON'T GET IT.
LOOK, CHLOE WEARS
THE COSTUME TO MAKE HER
FEEL SPECIAL, RIGHT?
IF I WEAR THE COSTUME, TOO.
IT WILL NO LONGER BE SPECIAL.
AND SHE'LL LOSE HER REASON
FOR WEARING IT.
SHE'LL REALIZE HER SPECIALNESS
COMES FROM WITHIN.
REALLY?
THAT'S IN HERE?
KNOCKITY, KNOCKITY.
OH, HI, KARL.
COME ON IN.
MRS. JENNINGS, YOU LOOK ALMOST
CRIMINALLY PERFECT TODAY.
THAT'S SO NICE OF YOU!
AND YOU, DR. JAMES.
IT'S NOT WHAT
IT LOOKS LIKE.
REALLY? BECAUSE IT
LOOKS LIKE CHAPTER SEVEN
OF YOUR THIRD BOOK.
BRILLIANT WORK, BY THE WAY.
WHAT A LOVELY YOUNG MAN!
I JUST STOPPED BY
BECAUSE I'M GOING
FOR MY AFTERNOON STROLL,
AND I THOUGHT I COULD
TAKE STAN FOR A WALK.
OH. STAN!
COME!
HOW THOUGHTFUL OF YOU, KARL.
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE
CHLOE'S FAIRY DUST WORKED.
STAN, WOULD YOU LIKE KARL
TO TAKE YOU FOR A WALK?
YOU KIDDING?
AFTER WHAT HE DID TO AVERY?
( barks )
I GOT BACON TREATS.
I MEAN, REALLY,
HOW BAD CAN HE BE?
WHAT IS YOUR SECRET?
WHAT IS IT?
DO YOU HAVE...
SUPER STRENGTH?
A MARSUPIAL POUCH?
IF ONLY YOU COULD TALK,
YOU COULD JUST TELL ME.
WHY AM I JUST LYING HERE?
HERE, HAVE A BACON TREAT.
OH, THAT'S WHY.
YOU GIVE ME BACK MY DOG!
HOW'D YOU FIND ME HERE?
WE KNOCKED ON YOUR FRONT DOOR,
AND YOUR MOM SAID YOU WERE
OUT BACK IN YOUR "EVIL LAIR."
( intercom clicks )
MOM, DO NOT REVEAL
MY WHEREABOUTS TO MY NEMESIS!
THAT RIGHT THERE
IS WHY MY DAD IS IN SPACE.
Karl's mom: SORRY, HONEY.
OH, BY THE WAY,
YOUR UNDERPANTS WERE
ALL OVER THE BATHROOM FLOOR.
MOM!
HI, MRS. FINK.
AVERY JENNINGS HERE.
HOW MANY PAIRS OF UNDERPANTS
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
HMM. LOOKS LIKE ALL OF THEM.
AHH!
Karl: ( grunting )
SO, WHERE WERE WE?
LOOK, WE'RE TAKING HIM, KARL.
GO AHEAD.
YOUR EAGERNESS TO TAKE
THE DOG JUST PROVES
I'M GETTING CLOSE
TO DISCOVERING...
HE CAN FLY!
NO!
WELL, I WON'T REST
UNTIL I FIND OUT.
I FINK, THEREFORE, I AM.
I'M WORKING ON A CATCHPHRASE,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
Bennett:
JUST LEAVE IT RIGHT THERE.
I'LL PICK IT UP LATER.
NOT REALLY DRESSED.
OH... NO!
( jiggling door handle )
( sighs )
HONEY!
YEAH, UM...
FIRST OFF, YOUR "DELUXE STACKING
STORAGE FOOD CONTAINERS"
ARRIVED, SO--
YEAH! I KNOW.
SECONDLY, DO YOU REMEMBER
WHEN YOU LOCKED YOURSELF OUT,
AND I SAID "DON'T FORGET
TO PUT THE HIDE-A-KEY BACK"?
YEAH... THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
LOOK, WHEN ARE YOU
GOING TO BE HOME?
YEAH... THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
HONEY, DID YOU FORGET
TO TELL ME THAT
MY NEW PATIENTS CALLED
AND MOVED THEIR
APPOINTMENT TO 4:30?
YEAH, THAT'S WHAT I THOUGHT.
SO, I-I GUESS YOU'RE
PROBABLY GOING TO BE LOOKING
FOR A NEW CHILD PSYCHOLOGY--
YEAH, THAT'S--THAT'S
WHAT I THOUGHT.
WHAT ARE WE GOING TO DO?
KARL WON'T STOP UNTIL
HE KNOWS STAN'S SECRET.
WHAT IF WE CONVINCE KARL
THAT STAN IS SPECIAL
FOR ANOTHER REASON?
YEAH, LIKE I SPEAK
FLUENT ITALIAN.
HE CAN'T KNOW
THAT YOU SPEAK AT ALL.
CAPICHE?
WHAT?
YOU KNOW, KARL'S GOING TO BE
IN THE X-SQUARED GAMES SATURDAY.
IF WE COULD GET...
NO, STAN WOULD HAVE TO BE
GOOD AT MATH FOR THAT TO WORK.
HOW DO YOU KNOW
I'M NOT GOOD AT MATH?
WHAT'S 1250 TIMES 1250?
OH, THAT'S MATH.
NO, I'M--I'M DEFINITELY
BETTER AT ITALIAN.
1,562,500
I'M GUESSING.
THAT'S RIGHT!
WHAT'S 10,000
DIVIDED BY 33?
HOW WOULD I KNOW?
IT'S NOT LIKE I'M
A MATH GENIUS OR SOMETHING.
303.0303.
REPEATING OF COURSE.
THERE, YOU KNOW
MY DIRTY LITTLE SECRET.
YOU'RE A MATH GENIUS?
DON'T SAY THAT!
IT'S EMBARRASSING.
THIS IS SO UNFAIR!
I'D LOVE TO BE A MATH GENIUS.
I LISTEN TO SUBLIMINAL MATH CDS
IN MY SLEEP. AND NOTHING.
EXCEPT FOR A RECURRING NIGHTMARE
ABOUT BEING CHASED
BY THE NUMBER TWELVE.
MAMMA MIA,
THAT'S A-SCARY.
THAT WAS ITALIAN,
RIGHT?
BUT I'M COOL.
MATH AND COOL GO TOGETHER LIKE
OIL AND... THAT OTHER THING.
WATER?
OH, NO, THANKS.
I JUST HAD A GLASS.
IF PEOPLE FIND OUT
I'M A MATH GENIUS,
I WON'T BE COOL ANYMORE.
WELL, WHAT IF JUST
A FEW PEOPLE FOUND OUT?
LOOK, I HAVE AN IDEA
ON HOW WE CAN USE THIS
TO TAKE KARL DOWN
AT THE BIG MATH COMPETITION.
BUT WE'RE GOING
TO NEED A LITTLE BIT
OF YOUR MATH GENIUS.
ARE YOU SURE?
I MEAN,
KARL'S PROBABLY
ALREADY FORGOTTEN
ABOUT THE WHOLE THING.
( helicopter whirring )
KARL...
GET YOUR HELICOPTER OUT
OF HERE AND LEAVE US ALONE!
Karl:
I WILL KNOW STAN'S SECRET!
AM I THE ONLY ONE HERE
WHO'S AMAZED
THAT KARL COULD FIT
INTO THAT TINY HELICOPTER?
I'M TELLING YOU,
THIS PLAN TO KEEP
STAN'S SECRET FROM KARL
HAS GOT TO GO OFF
WITHOUT A HITCH.
I AGREE.
WHAT'S A HITCH?
YOU ARE.
STOP INTERRUPTING.
WE JUST HAVE TO BE CAREFUL.
YOU KNOW, KARL MAY BE A JERK,
BUT HE'S REALLY SMART.
WHAT IF WE INVITE
KARL OVER HERE,
AND THEN PUSH HIM
DOWN INTO SPAGHETTI?
CHLOE, YOU'RE NOT HELPING.
WE'RE TRYING TO COME UP
WITH SOMETHING REAL.
SPAGHETTI IS REAL.
I HAVE SOME IN MY POCKET.
BLUEBERRIES...
WRONG PANTS.
GET OUT OF HERE, OKAY?
THIS IS FOR THE BIG KIDS.
FINE! NO ONE EVER
LISTENS TO ME!
HMM, TROUBLE IN PARADISE.
( knocking )
COME IN, CHLOE.
HOW DID YOU KNOW
IT WAS ME?
JUST HOPING
BECAUSE I ADORE YOU.
YOU KNOW THE OLD SAYING:
THE STEP-SISTER
OF MY NEMESIS
IS MY FRIEND.
NOBODY LISTENS TO ME.
I'LL LISTEN.
I AM A FANTASTIC LISTENER.
Karl's mom on intercom:
KARL, I'M PINNED UNDER THE--
YOU WERE SAYING?
TYLER AND AVERY HAVE
A PLAN SO YOU WON'T
FIND OUT STAN'S SECRET.
I HAVE A FUN NOTION.
LET'S TRADE SECRETS.
YOU GO FIRST.
OKAY.
( muffled whispering )
WHAT?
REALLY?
THAT'S STAN'S SECRET?
I FIND THAT VERY HARD
TO BELIEVE, BUT STILL...
HMMM...
YOU DO REALIZE YOU SPIT
A LITTLE WHEN YOU SPEAK.
WHAT WAS YOUR SECRET?
SOMETIMES I SEND
YOUR MOTHER FLOWERS
UNDER THE NAME
WALTER PERKINS.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW
WHO HE IS!
I DON'T KNOW!
OKAY, YOU READY TO DO THIS?
KARL'S OVER THERE WARMING UP.
ONE-ONE-ONE-ONE,
TWO-TWO-TWO-TWO,
THREE-THREE-THREE-THREE...
MAN, LOOK
AT ALL THESE NERDS.
I CAN'T EVEN
COUNT THEM ALL.
YES, I CAN.
15. DARN IT!
WHAT IF MY FRIENDS
SEE ME HERE?
TYLER, IT'S OKAY.
IT'S SATURDAY, IT'S SCHOOL,
AND IT'S A MATH CONTEST.
NONE OF YOUR AIRHEAD FRIENDS
WILL BE HERE.
EXCEPT THEM.
HEY, TYLER.
DID YOU COME TO MAKE FUN
OF THE MATH GEEKS, TOO?
ALREADY DID.
PANTSED THREE OF THEM.
OR WAS IT FOUR?
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M NOT GOOD AT MATH.
SEE YA!
TYLER!
COME ON!
THIS IS FOR STAN.
IF KARL FINDS OUT THE TRUTH,
WE'RE GOING
TO LOSE HIM FOREVER.
BUT...
PLEASE.
ACTUALLY...
I'M HERE TO COMPETE.
WHAT?
MATH IS COOL?
HEY, GUYS!
TYLER'S DOING MATH.
MATH IS COOL.
HOW DID YOU WALK IN HERE,
AND IN, LIKE, FIVE MINUTES
MAKE MATH COOL?
SAME WAY YOU MADE HIP HOP
UNCOOL IN FIVE MINUTES
WHEN YOU RAPPED
THE PERIODIC TABLE.
( rapping to music )
♪ I BUST MY RHYMES LIKE HELIUM ♪
♪ BUT THEY'RE MINE
SO DON'T STEAL-Y 'EM ♪
♪ PER-I-OD...ICAL ♪
( microphone feedback )
COME ON, HONEY.
Ellen:
I DON'T WANT TO.
I TOLD YOU, WHEN CHLOE
SAW JUST ME WEARING IT,
IT STILL SEEMED SPECIAL.
SHE NEEDS TO SEE
THAT EVERYBODY'S DOING IT.
MAYBE WE SHOULD JUST
TAKE HER OUT OF THAT SCHOOL.
I CAN HOMESCHOOL HER.
'CAUSE THIS IS TORTURE.
ELLEN,
YOU LOOK RAVISHING.
I DO?
MM-HMM.
I DON'T KNOW
IF IT'S THE BOOTS
OR THE HAREM PANTS,
BUT YOU ARE
WORKING THAT, BABE.
AH... I DO KIND OF FEEL
A TEENY BIT MAGICAL.
YOU DON'T THINK
THE TIARA'S TOO MUCH?
MAYBE FOR A LESSER WOMAN.
( singsongy )
I'M A PRINCESS.
I'M A SPECIAL,
MAGICAL PRINCESS.
OH! LOOK AT ME!
I CAN REALLY MOVE
IN THESE PANTS.
UH-HUH!
Both: OH OH OH!
WHAT WAS I THINKING? AHH!
HUH? MY PLAN WORKED.
OR WE MADE IT LOOK
SO RIDICULOUS,
SHE'S HUMILIATED TO LOOK
ANYTHING LIKE US.
WHO CARES?
WE WERE HAVING FUN
THERE A MOMENT AGO,
WEREN'T WE? HUH?
YEAH, IT WAS
KIND OF FUN.
HMM. SO TELL ME...
DID YOU EVER
DANCE LIKE THIS...
Ellen: ( gasps )
WITH WALTER PERKINS?
I DON'T KNOW WHO THAT IS!
THIS CAME
FROM WALTER PERKINS.
TYLER JAMES?
REALLY?
YOU'RE COMPETING?
I'M COMPETING,
AND I'M GONNA WIN.
YOU DO REALIZE
THIS ISN'T
A "POOFIEST HAIR-DO"
CONTEST?
YEAH, I REALIZE THAT.
I'M NOT HAPPY ABOUT IT,
BUT I REALIZE IT.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA LAST
PAST THE FIRST ROUND.
FINAL ROUND.
WE'RE DOWN TO OUR LAST
TWO CONTESTANTS.
YAY, TYLER!
WHOO!
THIS DOESN'T MAKE
ANY SENSE AT ALL.
HOW HAVE YOU NOT
BEEN ELIMINATED?
( tense music begins )
STAN IS HERE?
WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
OKAY, THE NEXT QUESTION
IS FOR TYLER.
( music intensifies,
no dialogue )
22...
THAT'S RIGHT!
SQUARE OVER TWO B.
Tyler: 1.67 TIMES...
THAT'S RIGHT.
( cheering )
YES!
BUT, NO!
NO, NO, NO!
TYLER IS CHEATING!
HE IS A DIRTY CHEATER!
THERE IS A DOG OUT THERE
GIVING HIM THE ANSWERS.
NO. NO, REALLY.
THE DOG IS A MATH GENIUS!
THE LITTLE GIRL IN THE RED
RUBBER RAIN BOOTS TOLD ME.
( more laughter )
MR. BEEDS,
YOU HAVE TO BELIEVE ME.
THE DOG IS CHEATING FOR HIM.
YOU HAVE TO DISQUALIFY TYLER.
I WIN!
OH, KARL.
YOU MUST BE PRETTY DESPERATE
TO PULL SOMETHING LIKE THIS.
YOU ARE DISQUALIFIED
FOR POOR SPORTSMANSHIP.
WHA--
TYLER IS THE WINNER
OF THE X-SQUARED GAMES!
Audience: WHOO! YES!
I'M GETTING A B-MINUS
IN GEOMETRY AND I DON'T
CARE WHO KNOWS IT!
YAY, MATH!
HA HA! YAY, MATH!
SO, KARL...
NEXT TIME WE GO HEAD TO HEAD,
WHY DON'T YOU WIN?
JUST TO MIX THINGS UP
A LITTLE BIT.
YOU HAD NOTHING
TO DO WITH THIS.
ARE YOU CLAIMING
YOU SOMEHOW SET ME UP?
DIDN'T I?
Avery: IF ANYONE FINDS OUT
STAN'S SECRET...
WHAT SECRET?!
GET OUT OF HERE, OKAY?
THIS IS FOR THE BIG KIDS.
FINE! NO ONE EVER
LISTENS TO ME!
( whispering )
Stan is a math genius.
HE'S JUST A REGULAR DOG.
YOU PRETENDED HE HAD
A SECRET FROM THE BEGINNING
JUST TO SET THIS UP.
THAT'S RIGHT.
HIS "SECRET" WAS PART
OF AN ELABORATE RUSE
TO COST YOU
THE MATH COMPETITION.
OH! AND I DID EAT
YOUR GRAHAM CRACKERS.
AND THEY WERE DE-LICIOUS.
MMM, MMM, MMM!
BY THE WAY,
THIS IS HOW IT'S DONE.
( auto-tuned ) Karl:
♪ THE DOG IS A MATH GENIUS ♪
♪ DOG--DOG--DOG--DOG...
GENIUS ♪
BAM!
( whack )
YOU HAVEN'T SEEN
THE LAST OF ME!
BECAUSE YOUR MOM AND DAD
INVITED ME OVER FOR DINNER.
I'M MAKING MY FLAN.
WASN'T THAT YOUR PHONE,
AVERY?
DON'T RUIN THE MOMENT.
IT WORKED!
KARL THINKS THE WHOLE SECRET
WAS FAKE FROM THE BEGINNING.
THANKS FOR RISKING
BEING UNCOOL.
HEY, FOR STAN...
I'D DO ANYTHING.
Stan:
SO IN THE END,
THE WHOLE THING WAS...
MOLTO BUONO!
( in Italian accent )
HEY! I CAN SPEAK-A ITALIANO!
AW, I'M NOT SPEAKING ITALIAN.
WHO AM I KIDDING?
OY VEY.
HEY!
I CAN SPEAK YIDDISH!
THE POINT IS, EVERYTHING WORKED
OUT AND AVERY OUT-FINKED FINK.
BUT... SHE STILL CAN'T RAP.
( rapping to music )
♪ TYLER IS THE WINNER ♪
♪ OF THE MATH COMPETITION ♪
♪ YOU THINK YOU CAN FINK US... ♪
♪ THAT'S A SUPERSTITION ♪
WORD.
PROBLEM.
CAN'T AFFORD TO BREAK
ANOTHER MIC.
SAVING UP FOR A NEW PHONE.
( in pirate accent )
ARRR, MATEY.
WHERE BE ME BREAKFAST?
ALL RIGHT.
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
( making indistinct
pirate noises )
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO!
ALL RIGHT.
( sighs )